Specs gtfs2ntfs: reading shapes & frequencies (#424)
CanalTP/transit_model: src/documentation/gtfs_to_ntfs_specs.md

| trips.txt | route_id | Required | trips.txt | route_id | cf. NTFS `route_id` definition above to specify the proper reference. |
| trips.txt | service_id | Required | trips.txt | service_id |  |
| trips.txt | trip_id | Required | trips.txt | trip_id |  |

> | trips.txt | trip_headsign | Optional | trips.txt |  | `trip_short_name`, or if empty `trip_headsign` |

Reviewer: Since NTFS 0.10 there are now 2 fields "trip_headsign" and "trip_short_name"

Reviewer 2: I'm ok to do this later to avoid opening toi many subjects at once

| NTFS file | NTFS field | Constraint | GTFS file | GTFS field | Note |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| geometries.txt | geometry_id | ID | shapes.txt | shape_id | All slashes `/` are removed |
| geometries.txt | geometry_wkt | Required | shapes.txt | shape_pt_lat, shape_pt_lon, shape_pt_sequence | A WKT LINESTRING geometry is created from the 3 input fields. |

### Reading frequencies.txt
Frequencies are transformed into explicit passing times by creating new trips that operate on regular times within the specified period. For each line of the GTFS frequencies.txt file, the referenced trip and its stop_times are used as a sample to create the new trips whose stop_times are calculated based on the given headway.

A new trip is created, departing from the first stop every `headway_secs` seconds within the time period between `start_time` and `end_time`. Stop times of the referenced trip are used to calculate the time interval between two stop departures.
The departure time at the first stop of the last trip should not be later than the `end_time` value. In case both values for `start_time` and `end_time` are equal, the frequency is ignored (no new trip is created).

> Note that the referenced trip (and its stop_times) is only used as a sample and is not generated by the reader in the end. In case the referenced trip ans/or its associated stop_times do not exist, the frequency is ignored (no new trip is created).

Reviewer 2: I'm not convinced by the use of `generated by the reader`. What about something like `and is deleted is the resulting data` ?
+ Typo in `ans/or`

| 1 | 0 | 0 | |
| 2 | GTFS `min_transfer_time` | GTFS `min_transfer_time` | Log a warning message if the `min_transfer_time` is empty |
| 3 | 86400 | 86400 | |

### Reading shapes.txt

| NTFS file | NTFS field | Constraint | GTFS file | GTFS field | Note |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| geometries.txt | geometry__id | ID | shapes.txt | shape_id | All slashes `/` are removed |
| geometries.txt | geometry__wkt | Required | shapes.txt | shape_pt_lat, shape_pt_lon, shape_pt_sequence | A WKT LINESTRING geometry is created from the 3 input fields. |

> ### Reading frequencies.txt

Reviewer 3: When I did the documentation, I had these 3 special cases:
- `src/gtfs/read.rs:954` **WARN/IGNORE** [_frequency for trip <frequency.trip_id> has same start and end time_] if the `frequency` start time and end time are the same
- `src/gtfs/read.rs:964` **WARN/IGNORE** [_frequency mapped to an unexisting trip <frequency.trip_id>_] if the `frequency` refers to a `vehicle_journey` which doesn't exist
- `src/gtfs/read.rs:975` **WARN/IGNORE** [_frequency mapped to trip <frequency.trip_id> with no stop_times_] if the `vehicle_journey` relative to the `frequency` doesn't have any `stop_time`

They are very technical but I think they should be documented one way or another (except maybe the second one which might be evident enough).

Frequencies are transformed into explicit passing times by creating new trips that operate on regular times within the specified period. For each line of the GTFS frequencies.txt file, the referenced trip and its stop_times are used as a sample to create the new trips whose stop_times are calculated based on the given headway.

A new trip is created, departing from the first stop every `headway_secs` seconds within the time period between `start_time` and `end_time`. Stop times of the referenced trip are used to calculate the time interval between two stop departures.
The departure time at the first stop of the last trip should not be later than the `end_time` value.

> Th identifier for each new trip is generated using the following pattern: \<trip_id>:<auto-incrimented integer\> and maintains the rest of the attributes of the sample trip. That is, all new trips are assigned to the same route as the route of the sample trip, have the same service_id, etc. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The identifier for each new trip is generated using the following pattern: \<trip_id>:<auto-incremented integer\> and maintains the rest of the attributes of the sample trip. That is, all new trips are assigned to the same route as the route of the sample trip, have the same service_id, etc. 
```

| 1 | 0 | 0 | |
| 2 | GTFS `min_transfer_time` | GTFS `min_transfer_time` | Log a warning message if the `min_transfer_time` is empty |
| 3 | 86400 | 86400 | |

### Reading shapes.txt

| NTFS file | NTFS field | Constraint | GTFS file | GTFS field | Note |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | geometries.txt | geometry__id | ID | shapes.txt | shape_id | All slashes `/` are removed |

Reviewer: geometry_id and geometry_wkt (remove one underscore)

| geometries.txt | geometry__wkt | Required | shapes.txt | shape_pt_lat, shape_pt_lon, shape_pt_sequence | A WKT LINESTRING geometry is created from the 3 input fields. |

### Reading frequencies.txt
Frequencies are transformed into explicit passing times by creating new trips that operate on regular times within the specified period. For each line of the GTFS frequencies.txt file, the referenced trip and its stop_times are used as a sample to create the new trips whose stop_times are calculated based on the given headway.

A new trip is created, departing from the first stop every `headway_secs` seconds within the time period between `start_time` and `end_time`. Stop times of the referenced trip are used to calculate the time interval between two stop departures.

> The departure time at the first stop of the last trip should not be later than the `end_time` value. In case both values for `start_time` and `end_time` are equal, the frequency is ignored (no new trip is created).

Reviewer 4: equals? (not sure)

Reviewer 2: What about adding the ignored case when endtime is inferior to the starttime ?
